added best practices section according to https://github.com/ethereum… (#2107)
ethereum/eth2.0-specs: specs/phase0/validator.md

2. Generate and broadcast attestation.

If the software crashes at some point within this routine, then when the validator comes back online, the hard disk has the record of the *potentially* signed/broadcast attestation and can effectively avoid slashing.

> ## Protection best practices

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Protection best practices

```

> A validator client should be considered standalone and should consider the beacon node as untrusted. This means that the validator client should protect: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A validator client should be considered standalone and should consider the beacon node as untrusted. This means that the validator client should protect:

```

> A validator client should be considered standalone and should consider the node it's connected to as un-trusted. This means that the validator client should protect: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A validator client should be considered standalone and should consider the beacon node as untrusted. This means that the validator client should protect: 
```

> 1) Private keys - private keys should be protected from ever being exported out accidentally or by an attacker. Attestations and blocks should be signed internally in the process itself, keys should always be encrypted on disk.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1) Private keys -- private keys should be protected from being exported accidentally or by an attacker.
```
Second sentence is not mandatory. It makes sense to keep a key in an HSM, for example. Since processes are not protected entities of any kind, it is not a security improvement to require signing in the same process. Also, encrypting keys on disk does not add security if the password is also stored on disk, which is a necessity for validator nodes to be able to restart automatically.

Author: You could hold the password in an HSM which is more likely to happen sooner as it will take time for BLS keys to be supported. 
I see it as best design practice for future improvements, which is better than just leaving keys as plain text.
But you are right that for now it's probably very similar inn terms of security.

Reviewer 2: Of course an HSM makes sense. But the security of
1. A validator client running form unencrypted keys
2. A validator client running with encrypted keys, with the password given on the command line (so stored on disk to load when the computer starts up)

is the same. Case 2 might feel safer but is security theatre.

> 2) Slashing - before a validator client signs an attestation/ block it should validate the data, check against a local slashing db (do not sign slashable attestation/ block) and update its internal slashing db with the new signed object.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2) Slashing -- before a validator client signs a message it should validate the data, check it against a local slashing database (do not sign a slashable attestation or block) and update its internal slashing database with the newly signed object.
```

> 3) Recovered validator - Recovering a validator from a private key will result in an empty local slashing db. A best practice is to import (from a trusted source) that validator's attestation history. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3) Recovered validator -- Recovering a validator from a private key will result in an empty local slashing db. Best practice is to import (from a trusted source) that validator's attestation history. 
```

> 4) Far future signing requests - A validator client can be requested to sign a far into the future attestation, resulting in a valid non slashable request. If the validator client signs it will result in it blocking itself from attesting any other attestation until the beacon-chain reaches that far into the future epoch. This will result in an inactivity leak and potential slashing. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4) Far future signing requests -- A validator client can be requested to sign a far into the future attestation, resulting in a valid non-slashable request. If the validator client signs this message, it will result in it blocking itself from attesting any other attestation until the beacon-chain reaches that far into the future epoch. This will result in an inactivity leak and potential ejection due to low balance. 
```

> A validator client should prevent itself from signing such requests by estimating the current slot with some deviation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A validator client should prevent itself from signing such requests by: a) keeping a local time clock if possible and following best practices to stop time server attacks and b) refusing to sign, by default, any message that has a large (>6h) gap from the current slashing protection database indicated a time "jump" or a long offline event. The administrator can manually override this protection to restart the validator after a genuine long offline event.
```

> A validator client should prevent itself from signing such requests by: a) keeping a local time clock if possible and following best practices to stop time server attacks and b) refusing to sign, by default, any message that has a large (>6h) gap from the current slashing protection database indicated a time "jump" or a long offline event. The administrator can manually override this protection to restart the validator after a genuine long offline event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

A validator client should prevent itself from signing such requests by: a) keeping a local time clock if possible and following best practices to stop time server attacks and b) refusing to sign, by default, any message that has a large (>6h) gap from the current slashing protection database indicated a time "jump" or a long offline event. The administrator can manually override this protection to restart the validator after a genuine long offline event.
```
